I - Maximum Subarray
    A - Analysis and decomposition strategy    
    B - Implementation
          We will implementa parralel version of the given problem, using the OPenMP standards. 
    C - Performance investigation and interpretation
          We will compare running performances of the reference implementation, our sequential version and the derivated parralelized one.
          We plan to investigate performances on both Gothmog and our personnal computers, which should gives us a good idea of the scaling
          and the architecture-adaptation of our produced code.

II - Edge detection with the Sobel operator
    A - Analysis and decomposition strategies
          Given a algorithm able to detect the edges of a picture, we will try to derivate a parallel-friendly code that could lead to a 
          sequential implementation as well as several parallel ones.
    B - Implementations on diverse platforms
          The first implementation will be sequential, which should run on every type of architecture. We plan to implement an OpenMP version
          that could take advantage of multicores architectures such as Gothmog and our personnal computers, and another using the CUDA 
          API, to be runned on one of our personnal computer and on Smal1.
    C - Performance investigation and interpretaton on diverse platforms
          We will investigate performance differences between the same implementation on several machines (including scalability) as well as 
          between different implementation on the same machine (for example betwenn the CUDA and OpenMP versions running on Smal1).

III - Article review
    A - Summary
          We will try to summarize the article we have chosen (Towards a heuristic approach to auto-parallelization) in the most 
          comprehensible and concise way.
    B - Criticism, possible limits and extensions
          We will give our thoughts on how realistic the article is, and what are its possible concrete applications. Since the article
          is from 2009, we have a decent recoil to measure the impact it has (or not) on current devellopment. 
